### 5.3.5.	Use of the METS file section (element fileSec)
Use of the METS fileSec element is highly recommended by the CSIP (although not mandatory). It should describe all components of the IP which have not been already included in the amdSec and dmdSec elements. For all files the location and checksum need to be available. Therefore the main purpose of the

The METS file section serves as a manifest, allowing users to check that all files are present and a package is complete as well as testing the integrity of package files using checksum values.

The CSIP requires that both package and representation level METS files include at least three file group (fileGrp) elements. The CSIP divides the referenced files into categories, i.e. documentation. schemas, data, each contained within its own fileGrp element. It is possible to add own additional file groups following the same file groups requriments described in CSIP. Representation level METS files should not reference files outside of their representation. That is they should not contain references to package level files or files from other representations. The root package level METS file should contain a fileGrp element for each representation which contains a single reference to the representation's METS.xml file. This is to ensure that the package lists all representations and their locations for completeness and integrity checks.

The specific requirements for elements, sub-elements and attributes are listed in the following table. Note that use of the stream and transformFile elements are not discussed below. Implementers wishing to use either of these METS elements should follow the requirements in the METS documentation.
