# 4.	CSIP structure
The preferred implementation of the logical model described in [Principle 3.6](#principle-36) is a strict physical (folder) structure precisely following the logical structure. While the specification doesn't prohibit alternative implementations of the conceptual model aren't prohibited by the CSIP it isn't recommended practise.

The main reason for this implementation decision is that a fixed and documented folder structure makes the package layout clear to both human users and automated tools. The main benefit this clarity is that many archival tasks, e.g. file format risk analysis, can be executed directly on the data portion of the package structure, as opposed to first processing potentially large amounts of metadata for file locations. This allows for more efficient processing which is valuable in the case of large collections and bulk operations. In short, we believe that a fixed folder structure provides efficiency and scalability.

The authors are aware that many data storage solutions do not explicitly support folder structures, but use other means for structuring and storing AIP data and metadata.
However, the purpose of this specification is to facilitate and support Information Package interoperability. When storage solution don't support implementation of the package structure for native AIP storage, it is still possible to implement the physical structure for SIPs, DIPs and the import/export of AIPs. While systems need to implement transformations between Common Specification IPs and internal AIPs it allows interoperability  between tools that support the common specification, easy transfer of IPs to new repository systems or storage solutions and the establishment of multi-repository duplicated storage solutions.
